Fix missing changes in the content collections guide (#2930)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/content-collections.mdx

    The tutorial blog project also dynamically generates a page for each tag. This page now becomes:

>     ```js title="src/pages/tags/[tag].astro" "post.data" "getCollection(\"posts\")" "post.data.title"

Reviewer: We should be using the `astro` language here
````suggestion
    ```astro title="src/pages/tags/[tag].astro" "post.data" "getCollection(\"posts\")" "post.data.title"
````

>     ...

Reviewer: Now that we have changed the code sample, here we should use proper code fences to not mess up the syntax highlighting 
```suggestion
    ---
```

    :::note
    Any individual Markdown or MDX file imports should be replaced by [`getEntryBySlug()`](/en/reference/api-reference/#getentrybyslug).
    :::
    

> 8. Update the logic of extracting publish date in the `layouts/MarkdownPostLayout.astro` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
8. Update the code that uses the publish date in the `layouts/MarkdownPostLayout.astro` file.
```

>     Previously, `pubDate` was a string. Now, after introducing types for our posts' frontmatter, `pubDate` is a `Date`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Previously, `pubDate` was a string. Now, after introducing types for your posts' frontmatter, `pubDate` is a `Date`.
```

>     Thanks to that, we can apply `Date` methods, like `toDateString()` on `pubDate`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    To render the date, convert it to a string:
```

    ```astro title="src/layouts/MarkdownPostLayout.astro" "frontmatter.pubDate.toDateString()"
    ...
    <BaseLayout pageTitle={frontmatter.title}>
      <p>{frontmatter.pubDate.toDateString()}</p>
      <p><em>{frontmatter.description}</em></p>
      <p>Written by: {frontmatter.author}</p>
      <img src={frontmatter.image.url} width="300" alt={frontmatter.image.alt} />
    ...
    ```
    

>     Without that change, our blog posts would not render, since `slice` method does not exist on `Date`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
